hey nice dress  that's great  they don't love me i don't know no one  loves me  it's kimonos  nice why why are you wearing uh kimonos  are you eating ice cream what is what is  this  candy  shop  associated  with excuse me i i love that outfit pink  and blue  that's great uh is there a festival  today  why are you dressed up like that  event  and not knowing  [Music]  [Laughter]  club is this for a photography club at  school  oh this is just your hobby  why are you guys dressed up like that  today  [Music]  nice  [Music]  [Laughter]  [Music]  [Music]  [Music]  it's not freezing but it is jacket  weather  the morning here  it's 5 a.m and i still see people  walking around this walking path  top 10 things i want to accomplish for  2021  papatikio's new year's resolutions if i  could wake up at 7 00 a.m it would be  good start drinking two gallons of water  a day start investing more in stocks and  crypto stop drinking sugar so often  number five stop eating junk food  moderation over perfection number six  travel around japan more uh so number  seven grow a higher social media  presence number eight go from 42k subs  over on youtube to 10k or wait 100k subs  over  100k subs on youtube  number nine make more than five grand a  month off of youtube and number 10 the  biggest probably hardest goal for me to  reach is go from 186 kilos to 100  kilos right now i i'm over 400 pounds  i'm the biggest i've ever been in my  life  so hot yesterday and it's [ __ ]  it's not freezing but it is jacket  weather  in the morning here  it's 5 am and i still see people walking  around this walking path  [Music]  imagine you wake up tomorrow morning  and you click on my instagram account  and you see me  standing  with my arm around a man  in a costume  dressed up like mickey mouse  and in the background  you can clearly see  the distinctive architecture  of disneyland  the most normal thing in the world oh i  guess he went to disneyland and took  this  photo of himself and then you read the  text  i have next picture say no no no  you have to click and see my youtube  video  i actually met and spoke to  mickey mouse  he's a friend of mine now  i want you to click and hear the  conversation we had and then you click  and there's this whole video of me  sitting and back and forth speaking to  mickey mouse showing you how i met and  made friends with and got along with  mickey mouse  what tikio sam is doing  what david bond is doing what  innumerable pickup artists are doing on  the internet what innumerable people who  package  and commodify  fantasies on the internet are doing even  if that's  the polyglot fantasy of running away to  japan and starting a new life rather  than the pickup artist fantasy of  sleeping with 100 different women before  you turn 30 so on and so forth  what they are doing  is just as phony  as posing  for a photograph  with mickey mouse  that's a man in a costume  who's being nice to you because he has  been paid to be nice to you he is  trained to be nice to you and even if  you didn't directly pay him yourself  you bought a ticket or you bought food  or you bought beer you paid for  something  that's indirectly  paying his salary  so that for just a few minutes  he'll pretend  to be your friend  some of you  watching this video  come from cultures that don't have this  kind of  entrenched  transactional  sexless prostitution surrounding you at  all times that japan has that taiwan has  that hong kong has  all of these countries  have bars  where men  routinely  pay women  to pretend to be their friends and that  cultural pattern  to some extent extends out  onto the sidewalks onto the streets for  example women who try to entice  customers to come into particular  restaurants or particular bars standing  on the streets tkyo sam  knows the act  he's engaged in when he's trying to make  those girls laugh the young women who  work as hostesses  hostesses at a bar  when he's trying to make them laugh oh  they're they're not picking up on it  they're not replying they're not showing  theirs oh hey guys uh what's your  favorite flavor of ice cream  this is practiced  hackneyed bar girl banter  okay he knows what he's doing they know  what they're doing i think they're  frankly kind of run down because this  guy is harassing them when they're  taking a break from work they're just  trying to have a meal that  is not the bar they work at that was  just where they were trying to grab  lunch or dinner or whatever it was  and this guy with a camera basically  comes up and starts harassing them and  they switch back into this set of  practiced behaviors that are  every bit as phony  as the kind of friendship  you can get  from  mickey mouse  why do i bother  criticizing this because it harms people  because it hurts people and the people  it hurts the most  are those who are vulnerable  those who are weak those who yearn  for this fantasy those who want most to  hear  and believe  this message who in their right mind  would believe tko sam when he said now  10 years ago  when he said that at 300 pounds  it just didn't matter at all how fat he  was for how he got laid  he said that  about japan  in the whole world is there another  culture that's more obsessed with being  thin is there anywhere other than tokyo  where thin is more  in if you told me you could get fat in  georgia if you told me you could get fat  in the south of texas  at 300 pounds i listened to you okay  there were some culture mongolia i mean  there were some samoa okay like there  were some cultures where people are  accustomed to tolerating fat men  up to a certain point japan is not one  of them who were the people who ten  years ago  fastened onto that fantasy  who listened to what tequila sam was  saying  and wanted so much  to live that lie and who are the people  who are hearing and responding to  that same message today  when he's now over 400 pounds the last i  heard about 410 pounds when he's making  the same  preposterous claims  and when he is to a large extent  recycling stories about women he flirted  with women he allegedly  slept with  more  than 10 years  ago  it does  hurt people  it hurts people  of all ages  i've known teenagers who come on the  internet and they condition themselves  this way they program themselves this  way but i've known middle-aged men  men who've been through divorce men  who've been through a midlife crisis men  who never got married divorced in the  first place men who've made it to 30 or  35 and are still more or less virgins  and are looking for a new strategy for a  new approach new hope  the people  who pay  social media influencers  to give them hope are precisely the  people who are  the most hopeless the most vulnerable  the most downtrodden the most broken  heart it's the people  who need  to believe  these lies  that will overlook all the grotesque  grotesquely obvious  hints  that what tikio sam is saying to you  can't possibly be true  human  sexuality  is  tragic  period  no matter how much of it  you have  no matter how many people  adore you no matter how much you may  exhaust  your biological urges  on a daily basis  people  want what they can't have  they want things without understanding  the consequences and above all else  people people in love people with a  crush on other people  people  want you to be  someone you're  not they want you to be the person  they need you to be  and that's not who you are  and whether it's with the most fleeting  of flirtations  or the most deadly serious romance over  many years  that is inevitably and inexorably tragic  now  the world tokyo sam presents to you  is one in which  certain kind of light-hearted laughter  mocking laughter  is like a good sign that you're working  towards  flirtation seduction sex  nothing of the kind  is true and i mean this globally not in  any culture  anywhere in the world i've had  interactions with women that were quite  somber frankly interaction women that  were silent  but where all parties knew  just how serious it was i've had women  make it completely clear to me that they  were seriously romantically interested  me really without  saying a word and i'm just gonna use one  example to show you what i mean by how  tragic these things are it often struck  me when i was a parent  either when i was married  or when i was divorced and had custody  of my daughter  and women would approach me women would  flirt with me they would hit on me  they'd try to  yes sometimes it was a casual sort of  flirtation but sometimes it was  really serious they were looking for the  man they were going to marry  etc and how do i get across to you how  do i get across to this  woman you know as bob dylan said it  ain't me  babe and like how do you get across to  them  you want me to be  someone i'm not and someone  i never can be or  do you just snub them  insult them you know and get on with  your day  get on with your life  this is a perspective tequila sam has  never had and i don't know maybe 50  of the men in the audience know what i'm  talking about and 50 of you  never will and what with women  is it maybe 80 percent of you know what  i'm talking about and 20 of you never  it's a little bit different  for the genders what it's like  to try to refuse someone while saving  face right  not wanting to  hurt their feelings not wanting to cause  a scene  right how you manage those situations  i can remember days where  you know i was taking care of my  daughter  as a newborn and that's like  22 hours a day  you know  and the only break i got was walking to  the grocery store to buy groceries and  carry them back alone  and and  i'm not going to nightclubs something  i'm not going to flirt with women really  came at me  in those situations i remember just  thinking like  how can you so utterly misinterpret  [Laughter]  i was not in a mood to flirt with anyone  there's one that'll stay with me for the  rest of my life it's always especially  obvious that a woman is really serious  about you even if she doesn't say a word  when maybe the woman is with her sister  she's with her best friend  or she's with her mother  and the two of them are talking together  about you  and you can see and then you know just  through iconic zone you can see what's  what's going on i was on a train once um  so it was with melissa and my daughter  on a train  there was a woman  i would guess when was in her early 30s  and her mother was probably in her early  60s  and i just had to get up and pass them  repeatedly  to go to the bathroom  oh my god you could read everything in  the expressions  on their faces and they got to see me  and in that sense interact with me  a couple of you could abso i mean you  know you could see the mother saying oh  he could be i don't know if he doesn't  look you know i had a nice suit on what  they're making up whatever  fantasy in their minds i never said one  word to them i never expressed any  interest in them  whatsoever  and the third time i went past them just  to get through the train  and get to the bathroom door i was  carrying  my daughter before they had perceived me  as single there was no reason to think i  was single  right  i didn't lead you on  lady it was so memorable to me because  you know you're walking on this long  train car you have  even if it's a full 60 seconds or  whatever you know what i mean it's  enough time and both the woman in her  30s and the woman in their 60s mother  and daughter they both stared at me with  such  anger and disgust and contempt like as  if i cheated on her  or something as i'm i'm carrying my  daughter and you know i'm talking to her  in a cute way and so on i'm i'm bringing  my daughter to the bathroom  on that train  human sexuality  real human sexuality  not this candy-coated commodified  [ __ ] on the internet  is  tragic  tkyo sam is taking two different things  that really never should be glamorized  never should be lied about never should  be commodified in this way and combining  them  people line up to donate  hundreds of dollars to him each and  every live stream  just because they want to participate  in this fantasy and what are the two  things  he's trying to commodify  language learning  and sexuality  how would you feel  sam  if you were watching  a 400 pound hispanic man  on the streets of los angeles california  who's just so proud  that he's managed to teach himself  english  after immigrating to the united states  doing the same thing you're doing  a 400 pound mexican immigrant  and he hit the books and he tried really  hard he still doesn't speak english that  well and he's just striking up  conversations with high school girls  striking up conversations with college  students and then he's putting those  same titles  on the videos you do  titles and thumbnails that 100 percent  falsely claim  that these women were flirting with you  that these women were hitting on you  that this was something sexually  gratifying for them that he misrep he  misrepresents himself as this great  lothario and he makes his money  by selling the fantasy to other mexicans  it doesn't matter how fat you are it  doesn't matter how stupid you are how  ignorant you are how ugly you are all  you need to do is learn english and come  to los angeles come to the united states  of america and you can waddle around the  sidewalk like me  you can you can live like a king  sam  the reality is  you're living  like a hobo